- Using [this doc](http://buildozer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html)  to install buildozer and other dependencies. Ubuntu16 is recommended, you can install Ubuntu16 in a virtual machine. ( You can use [kivy  official virtual machine image](https://kivy.org/docs/guide/packaging-android-vm.html#kivy-android-vm), but not tested.)
- Download [ZeroNet source code](https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet) and [ZeroNet-kivy souce code](https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet-kivy), copy all things of ZeroNet source code to `zero` sub-folder of `ZeroNet-kivy`, and then do as [this doc](http://buildozer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html) says, enter the said `ZeroNet-kivy` folder in terminal, run `buildozer init` to create buildozer.spec file in  ZeroNet-kivy folder ( you can use the existing buildozer.spec file provided by ZeroNet-kivy project )
-  Use your editor to edit buildozer.spec. The modification can be `source.include_exts =`、`requirements = sqlite3,openssl,m2crypto,gevent,msgpack-python,pil,hostpython2,kivy` ( if your want to use old toolchain, it might be `requirements = sqlite3,openssl,m2crypto,gevent,msgpack,pil,hostpython,kivy`, new toolchain is highly recommended)、`orientation = portrait`、`android.permissions = INTERNET`、`log_level = 2`. The above  modification is not perfect, you can try your own.
- ( Optional ) Proxy setting. During auto-compile, it will auto-download and install many dependencies, as well as download xml files from google. After run next step's command and SDK is downloaded, if you want to set proxy you can run `$HOME/.buildozer/android/platform/android-sdk-20/tools/android` file after it is set executable, do some settings including HTTP proxy via menu Tools->Options ( if you can't find menu , please google `android sdk proxy setting`, you'll find how to do that via config file). You can also use VPN anyway.
- In the terminal window of second step,  run `buildozer -v android_new debug logcat >buildozer.log` to start auto-compile ( if you want to use old toolchain, run `buildozer -v android debug logcat >buildozer.log` instead). If it says some dependencies are missing or too old, you should install them manually; if it says error and fails, search the error in google. If you use new toolchain, the most tricky thing is that after it says success, you need to remove all lines related sqlite3 (usually at the bottom of the file) from  `ZeroNet/.buildozer/android/platform/build/dist/your_app_name/blacklist.txt` and `ZeroNet/.buildozer/android/platform/build/dist/your_app_name/build/blacklist.txt` manually, save the file,  and then run `buildozer -v android_new debug logcat >buildozer.log` once more! ( who can help to file  buildozer project an issue of this? I've google it was said that sqlite3 is supposed to be auto-removed from blacklist.txt if you specify sqlite3 in the buildozer.spec)
- If compiling succeeds, a bin folder appears in ZeroNet folder, where your APK is lying in it. You can copy it to your phone to install
- You can use adb or other log viewer to see python output log by searching for(or filtering) keyword `python` and see ZeroNet ifself output log by searching for(or filtering) keyword `zn`. Some part of logs can be found in External Storage/Android/data/package_name(e.g. android.test.myapp17)/files/zero/log